Rename TFS to Azure DevOps Server (#77)
microsoft/Code-Search: README.md

## Troubleshooting

> To find help on troubleshooting Azure DevOps Server follow this [link](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/docs/search/administration#trouble-tfs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find help on troubleshooting Azure DevOps Server follow this [link]https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/project/search/administration#troubleshoot-search-in-azure-devops-server-and-tfs).
```
